For the RF model built above in Python, select a random sample 
of 15 instances in the test data, 10 for Class '0' and 5 for 
Class '1', and generate Diverse Counterfactual Explanations (DICE)
as explainers for these instances in the test dataset. Add the 
Diverse Counterfactual Explanations into a dataframe and include 
the associated target ('default') variable value for each instance
row,


Present these DICE explanations in an easily understood and pleasant 
on the eye tabular output format for the Python Kubeflow Notebook
in which I am writing my Python code. 

Also generate these values into an output CSV file.

Comment each line of Python code with as much detail as practical.

After the code generation provide as much narrative detail 
as possible.


----


See Ref: https://interpret.ml/DiCE/




Create another tabular format what shows an equally appealing 
output in my Python Notebook that shows the ANCHOR values for each instance
alongisde the relevant feature details for same instance on a single row, 
across which I can scroll.

Comment each line of Python code with as much detail as practical. 

Output the ANCHOR values to a CSV file. 

Output the feature details for each corresponding instance for which 
the ANCHOR Values were created in a seperate CSV file.

After the code generation provide as much narrative detail 
as possible.



----


Taking these previous 15 ANCHOR examples, write code for my Python 
Notebook to generate two dataframes,one representing the individual 
instance features and the other a dataframe with corresponding 
rows to the feature dataframe that contain a sequence of columns 
based on each instance feature that represent a numerical conversion
of the ANCHOR feature values.

The dataframe for the ANCHOR feature values must have a consistent number of columns per 
features so that a Eulidean distance calculation can be correctly carried out on any two 
instances in the ANCHOR feature values dataframe. In other words, each feature column must 
have a consistent number of corresponding column cells across all the instances in the ANCHOR
feature values dataframe.

Generate Python code for a Kubeflow Notebook to extend the existing Phyton code above. 

Ensure every line is clearly commented with the exact steps being executed and why.

Generate two output files for these dataframes but limit the output to 15 random features
and their associated ANCHOR feature values, but with three instances that have a target values of 
'1' and twelve with a target value of '0'.